I dropped it on the tape
it's always good
I carry on the chest days
the noise it is treating in the soul of
our soul
this thing the crowd pushes the player
this is a differential of the
flamengo play against the fans of
Flemish is good too.
I suddenly see a guy if the bassaki
on my foot
For God's sake do not miss a magician like
taught the right zico part to goal
from zico
again the mark hit and renato goal
you feel that goal come to aaa with
detail I want to redo it renato
who kicked the ball in the collective
renato renato rando dj then came the mother
I am saying it will live assistance is ended
You with all respect to fifa and now
did the bus
O
o at 45 - sub 30 5 received the ball in the
right of harlei